Piao Piao has a little knowledge,
At the end of this game, you will be the champion of the gods.
At that time, successfully attack and hold the gold medal.
Apparently there were several people there at the beginning.
When this game is about to go away,
You can't play in this state.
Wow, why are you here?
Wow, aren't you still talking about me?
I'll compete for you.
You really think you are smart
Do you know what kind of things are here today?
I heard about this
The position of one, three and six characters
You were who you were
You don't really think
This show is about emotions
How could it happen when my emotions have already agreed?
Will wear this kind of clothes